Tim Chirac is the author of spies for
hire the secret world of intelligence
outsourcing he was active in the
anti-vietnam war movement and is an
expert on US military policies in Asia
and the Korean Peninsula near i'ts for
the nation and alternate among others
and you can follow him on twitter at at
tennessee s so thanks for thanks for
agreeing to talk today thank you so do
you want to talk a little bit about
what's going on in the Koreas right now
we have US president threatening to
destroy North Korea in front of the UN
at least in the post Cold War era is
this is this kind of unprecedented
territory for the u.s. North Korean
relations not really it's it's although
it's fighting now more than it's ever
been before but you know we've been
through a lot of tension with North
Korea for the last 60 years so it's
actually not much new what's new of
course is that they've developed dance
weaponry including nuclear weapons and
also have very advanced missile
technology and an ability of fire
intercontinental ballistic missile which
is you know ability different from the
past but there's been lots of conflict
in tension between the u.s. and North
Korea for years so you you do write an
article or you wrote in a recent article
in the nation that a review of recent
events and US government statement shows
that in fact the military option against
North Korea has eclipsed negotiations as
the strategy of choice and become almost
conventional thinking in Washington is
there a real military option for the
u.s. that doesn't involve a tremendous
numbers of deaths and then we're talking
you know not a small are talking
possibly millions of deaths is that is
that something real the US has even has
options here well I don't think so but
apparently there's a lot of people in
Washington that they think it's a viable
option and even recently secretary
defence matters said
that my option included strategies where
in South Korea would not be affected
terribly much by US military action
which i think is ludicrous but at any
rate there seems to be a lot of talk
about US military capabilities and what
it could actually do in fact the whole
focus of discussion by both government
in in the media and all the experts that
you see on TV is basically about North
Korean and US capabilities the fact that
North Korea is getting close to having a
ICBM that it can load a nuclear weapon
on it and you know how far those
missiles can go and then what the US can
do to counter that what u.s. attack
would look like what are US preemptive
strike on North Korea would look like
there's cold fascination and you know
focus on that as opposed to like the
politics of the situation and what
there's North Korea why and how could
the United States you know reach a
settlement with them that would be fair
to voting on both sides and fair to the
Korean people and the American people
it's not focus on that almost whatsoever
but it seems to be you know I mean the
fact is that the Trump administration
and sits you know past you as
administrations have said they you know
North Korea getting nuclear weapons
having the ability to have nuclear
weapons is out of the question and you
know they they have to stop the program
but there's no attempt really to try to
lay some groundwork for negotiating
anything around that and I think that's
that's probably why I wrote that was
that the teens that the NOAA period
option is the one that's most popular
and most talked about and you know
fairness and Tillerson the Secretary of
State keeps saying you know no the focus
is on diplomacy but there's still all
this talk and you know everyone knows
would you know where you let off with
the Trump except the North Korean
threats continue you all totally destroy
North Korea and they've also used the
word NIH
they're talking about mass murder of 25
million people and I think that it's
very sad that we're at this point so
you've got you know this is all
happening about I don't need 4,000 miles
away from us but what is the what is the
view of this in South Korea that South
Koreans are just elected as I understand
a moderate president but they're also
known kind of the long history of
fanatic anti-communists so seeing as how
you moderate US presidents can have a
hard time getting the reins of a policy
especially foreign policy does the new
president moon does he seem in control
of South Korea and does he have any
hopes of swaying a US policy on this
matter
well the fanatic Airy communists are out
of power
South Korean had them for some time and
you know president moons election was in
part the the result of what they call
the candlelight revolution which was a
basically democratic revolution against
the past government and the past
government of [ __ ] hey in particular
who was forced out forced to be she was
impeached and forced out of office and
is now in jail waiting criminal charges
you know people stood in city squares
throughout South Korea for months and
months on end to copper Austin and
wanted a more democratic state more
democratic country want to decrease
tensions with North Korea I wanted you
know more Economic Security one of the
better life and and you know moon jae-in
came out of the democratic tradition in
South Korea he had been an activist he's
been a labor human rights lawyer a labor
lawyer in the 70s and 80s he was the
former chief of staff to the last
progressive president normal young so he
has a you know strong record of being
involved in the people's movement their
democratic movement and and he you know
came to office
you know parley campaigning to return to
the days of the sunshine policies of
king taejong which was whether it was
openness toward North Korea and there
was across you know there was lots of
you know they talk in a way that there
was there was a people's exchanges there
was cultural exchanges it was economic
cooperation as a way to break down the
tension that he wanted to you know go
back to that and and have you know
direct talks North Korea is not taking
them up on that and they see you know
South Korea is and the moon government
is far too dependent on the United
States and its military but you know
like I think he does reflect the will of
the South Korean people which is they
want to have the north south north
negotiations and they want to have an
alleviation of the tensions and when I
was there in the spring and in April and
May in South Korea and also you know in
following greens in the events there in
recent weeks most South Koreans are a
lot more concern about what President
Trump might do than what Kim jong-un in
North Korea might do and then it really
worries them that that Trump might do a
unilateral some preemptive strike and
cause of war and so you know there's a
lot of hope there that this could be
resolved through a you know diplomatic
way so you've also kind of have Japan
you wrote another article about abate
sort of being Trump's go-to guy on this
are they are they playing a hard-line
rule or do they see a lot of risks
because being so close to the situation
Oh both they you know the simple object
comes out of its very right-wing
reactionary traditional Japanese
politics he's the head of the Liberal
Democratic Party which is neither
liberal or democratic as my father used
to say he pulling up in Japan and it's a
very right-wing party
and for years LDP has been elements of
the LDP his power base in particular as
in pushing for japan to basically rearm
and passed out its old you know
Constitution which make prohibits it
from being from sending troops into
battle in the you know ever and they
want to change that and they want Japan
to become a more you know what they call
normal nation in normal military power
and they're they're part of this
alliance of the US and they want they've
been you know building that stinking
that alliance for many years and so I
think the North Korea crisis is a way
for him to you know of course on those
kind of policies do urged Japan to
deploy his policies and urge them to
support the rearmament and
remilitarization of Japan and so he's
been a strong influence he's very you
know human Trump struck up a
relationship and they're very friendly
terms they share this or the same kind
of no fascist leanings I think whereas I
think Trump and moon have had a much
more you know shaking relationship moon
comes from a progressive tradition that
Trump has no concept of no idea of then
now there's been some you know
disagreements about well for one thing
you know moon has to keep saying over
and over again that war on the Korean
Peninsula is unthinkable but this seems
to me very you know not a problem for
tough to talk about over there as a
practical matter do they do the South
Koreans have any control over what the
United States does with its military in
their country I mean they they you know
they're a sovereign nation but there's
there some you know one issue in Korea
is that you know I'm seen as a massive
US military presence there there's you
know some you know twenty eight thousand
US troops there for one thing but also
this is not known by many people outside
of Korea but
a US general is in command of the Korean
military in times of war they have a
joint us-rok Republic of Korea command
military command and right now that's
it's headed by a Korean general but
during times of war leadership would
pass to the u.s. general would be in
charge and so US has enormous military
influence there and know the US has been
there for decades and has all kinds of
you know relationships from top to
bottom in the military and intelligence
services so it could really put a lot of
pressure on on South Korean as it does
as it has over the years but you know
South Korea can you know has meant been
had to be existent moon has had to be in
session by saying you know for example
when he heard that there was reports
that the US was considering a unilateral
military strike on North Korean missile
facilities but by you know b-1 bombers
that would be outside of Korean airspace
and would not need South Korean approval
to fire their missiles
you know mu president moon you know
objected they haven't said any military
action must have the South Korean both
you know support and you know so they've
been able to you know impress upon the
Trump administration importance of that
and you know McMaster HR McMaster his
national security adviser as has gone
there and that with them around those
issues to reinforce you know the fact
that they would be consulted but you
know it's a difficult relationship and I
think the u.s. does have power more
power in South Korea and has in almost
any other country quo okay so kind of to
change gears a little bit and talk about
them a little earlier history you just
wrote a very interesting article for
AlterNet called how Sony Obama Seth
Rogen and the CIA secretly planned to
force regime change in with Korea and
the subtitle was
secret backstory of the u.s. North Korea
standoff it's a really interesting look
at this kind of confluence of you know
the press in Hollywood and media and our
foreign policy in the US so maybe before
we get into the more covert part of it
can you just remind us a bit about the
film the interview and how the story of
the hack played out in the US media well
the interview was this kind of silly
movie kind of ridiculous movie about by
Seth Rogen about these two Hollywood
guys and you know one's a producer in
London interviewer and and they're gonna
go to interview Kim Jong on and they're
they're hired by the CIA to assassinate
him Jon loan and they go along with it
and they in fact assassin and they kill
him and and you know at the end of the
film
it shows Kim Jong Un's head being blown
apart in slow motion and so they were
making a film and they began when when
wouldn't it Sony Corporation when there
is some grumbling and some disapproval
of the way that in Toulon and other
Koreans were portrayed and some concern
about that scene when the said was blown
off and another scene where his face
milk at all there was some concern
within the studios about this that it
could offend Asians and the could offend
North Korea you know you know you know
where would be good and so they they
started consulting and working with the
RAND Corporation the RAND Corporation is
very powerful military think tank in
Washington and space in Santa Monica
there's what you know offices here and
turns out you know what happened that
the CEO Sony was on the board of
directors of Rand and so he got one of
the one of grants analysts who's a big
you know he's a he's a proponent of
regime change in North Korea he's a
proponent of getting rid of Kim Jong on
as a way to you know kids start a
revolution as he sees it in North Korea
and they hired him to give advice to the
pill
in fact you know he saw and they showed
the ending to the State Department
senior officials at the State Department
this is of course during the Obama
administration and the State Department
and this rand consultant said you know
keep that scene in for his head blows up
and they did and and so you know they it
was basically as I described it in the
article it's best for you a PSYOP
psychological operation to try to you
know we you know obviously you know
ridicule kim jung-han and damages
replication on north koreans with the
hope that people would see it and
somehow you know you would trigger some
kind of opposition can so that was a
distant story and interestingly and then
so after you know the movie was coming
out as always discussions about in the
press
there was a hack of sony you know
listeners remember that you know sony
was hacked by supposedly the US
government service north korea and they
they leaked all the hackers got all all
his email internal sony email from other
stars and directors and all kinds of
people and and they leaked all the email
and it was very embarrassing to sony and
so and then the north supposedly this
was done by north korea there's a lot of
evidence as i say in the story that
actually the hack was not done by north
korea but nevertheless that was the
conclusion of the obama administration
and the obama administration also as i
mentioned that that article was involved
on its own you know cyber war against
north korea for many years and actually
had been had penetrated and north korean
on internal internet and computer
systems and you know the NSA had done
that and was actually he was able to
monitor a lot of internal you know
internet traffic within North Korea and
which raises the question whether they
if this hack happened whether they had
been through what should happen allowed
it to happen
it's unclear but I think there's still a
lot more to be investigated about that
part of it but anyway this episode and
you know those Bhama used it to impose
further sanctions on North Korea and it
may give the impression that you know
North Korea was really out of control
this is about 2014
there's a lot you know there's a deeper
story to it and Obama called there
suppose it hack and he called it an act
of war right you know it was you know
the first time sanctions were ever
imposed on another country for attacking
not the government by the corporation
you know it's also is like sanctions
repose for for undermining a corporation
I wasn't even the u.s. corporation in
the Japanese corporation so there's a
lot of odd things about it but basically
you know this idea that you know the US
can help force regime change in North
Korea through you know psychological
operations information options it's
pretty much kind of like the war talk
now pretty much you know you know part
of the discussion in fact yesterday you
know I heard I heard David saying in the
New York Times report of him he's
chronicled so cyber war with North Korea
you know talk about North Korean hack
again as a major sort of incident to
happen in u.s. North Korean relations
and you know so so it's still very you
know president people's minds and yeah
but they in the Wall Street Journal I
was reading a story about you know
reporter and talk to various you know
military analysts in Washington what to
do about not three and they were talking
about you know the same thing they're
talking about you know damaging Kim
jong-un's reputation and supporting you
know elites there that might move
against Kim Jong off so you know I think
it's just part of a policy that United
States has been following regime change
policy that's not play described is that
but that's what it is that's been going
on for some years and you know North
Korea's quite aware of it on
and you know watch to maintain its
sovereignty does not want its government
to be overthrown and so they're gonna
defend themselves against it well it's
so fascinating I mean this might be a
little bit of a chicken and egg question
but do we know where even you have a
yeah you have a Japanese corporation I
don't know if that plays any role but
then you've got Hollywood and the US
government is like did this movie start
out as some goofy idea in Hollywood or
do we know what the government itself
was kind of trying to bring this thing
to fruition or is it's just all in the
lost in the haze I know there was a
cookie idea that started in Hollywood I
mean specifically it started you know
the way I read about it and described in
the article was that you know I mean
after the u.s. assassinated Osama bin
Laden SEAL Team six went in there this
kind of there's already been a script
floating around about him going on and
so after the assassination of Osama bin
Laden Seth Rogen and his buddies you
know thought that oh let's make a movie
about the assassination of Kim Jong up
and so they started the movie and they
were making the movie and as I said like
it was sort of like the politics of the
end and what happens and how you depict
this assassination and what that could
mean to is you know in terms of like the
what what the public impact of that
might be in North and South Korea that
was sort of outsourced to the government
and that's where the government came in
I mean according to chef Robin I had an
advisor but he was pretty sure was with
the CIA so you know our people was it
was pretty broad you know interest by
the government in the outcome of this
movie and I think it was because it
played into you there's you know what
the government has been doing by you
know trying in various ways to undercut
the King general government the
government of his father and grandfather
well there's a lot of wealthy I mean
there's a lot of history to this it's
all very interesting I get just one more
question and a little cuckoo a bit so I
mean what do your do you have a I mean
obviously we all hope that there's no
sort of military action here but what
are your you know what are your
practical outlook for the next you know
year or so on this oh I think tensions
are gonna continue unless and well first
of all you know beginning the year kim
jung-han declared that at the end of the
year we wanted to have a capability of a
nuclear weapon on ICBM and they've been
you know publicly driving toward this
for a few years now and they certainly
don't hide what they do you know
everything is done in broad daylight out
in the open so us satellite and
surveillance planes to photograph it and
so they know they haven't hidden that
objective and the United States says you
know it thing that's like they don't
want them to have any kind nuclear
capability like that and the objective
is D nuclearization and so you know
North Korea has offered to talk about a
peace treaty they don't want they don't
see the one on negotiate away their
nuclear capability it would like to be
recognized as a nuclear power and have a
peace treaty and they don't want to use
their nuclear weapons theoretically like
the u.s. doesn't want to use its nuclear
weapons either but at the United States
you know even after the sanctions and
like they all the pressure they put on
China North Korea's you know contains in
its way that's when you know that's what
clapper said that's what the military
option could come in you know I think
that within the military there's enough
knowledge of what the outcome would be
if any kind of military action which be
a catastrophe for the region for the you
know for Duke you know as you said the
top of the shell millions of Koreans
that die you know tens of thousands if
not millions
some Americans could die many Japanese
could die I mean you know this would be
even without nuclear weapons South Korea
I mean earth Korea still does not have
the capability to put a nuke on top of a
missile but even without that with
conventional weapons is to be a terrible
terrible war and you know North Korea
has all kinds of artillery on the border
that just you know rain death on on
Seoul and within minutes and so you know
it's a hair-trigger kind of situation
and I and I I guess I'm encouraged by
the fact that met general mattis the
Secretary of Defense Intelligence keeps
saying that they want a diplomatic
solution and what Trump's just spout off
like you guys but they always come back
and say diplomatic solution they did
this again yesterday and so I'm hoping
that cooler heads will prevail I think
that there has to be an exit ramp given
our clear like okay well yesterday
McMaster said that the US will not
negotiate you know in told North Korea
could verify that it is done away with
its nuclear weapons program and you know
you can't insist on surrender before he
negotiates that's me some something you
can negotiate around and so what's the
most sensible you know proposals that
have been made there have been pressed
by both China and Russia and at the UN
have been you know this grease for fries
where North Korea freezes its programs
its missile missile tests and freezes
its nuclear tests in return for a freeze
or slowdown or reduction of these vast
US South Korean military exercises that
take place twice a year there are huge
none of the largest military exercises
in the world in which they practice and
train for but they call decapitation of
the North Korean leadership which is
like killing off the entire North Korean
leadership they also practiced
for your war so you know if there could
be some way you know we reduce tensions
by putting back on this exercises they
stop their tests and then at least talk
about you know what the what the u.s.
North Korea can talk about maybe it'll
take you know a a diplomat a a leader
from another country say you know Angela
Merkel of Germany to step in and offer
to try to negotiate you know something
to kick-start some tops EE P us talking
to North Korea that's just the only way
this can be resolved in you know in the
past and then there's been many many
talks between North Korea and the United
States and some of them have led to some
very positive developments and you know
one agreement with Clinton in the 90s
they actually stopped their nuclear
program this is before they had a weapon
of course they but they stopped their
production of plutonium invisible
material for 12 years and you know all
the US and North Korea agreed to end
their hostile policies and to normalize
policies and I think that there's a
possibility of going back to that but
you know they've seen what the results
are when we you know when other
countries like Iraq or Libya disarm in
case of Libya they gave up their nuclear
weapons and a few years later the US and
NATO helped overthrow you know Obama
campaign overthrew the Libyan government
and that was served with the last straw
for King regime in North Korea they saw
that and said we've got to have these
nuclear weapons to protect ourselves so
you know the North being said it will
negotiate if and when the u.s. drops its
hostile policy so somehow the United
States is going to have to consider ways
of how it can drop its hostile policy if
it doesn't want to have a war and you
know how that how that comes about I'm
not sure but I I I hope and and you know
as someone who's led to create those
many Koreans I you know the war
be just a terrible terrible thing I
lived in South Korea as a kid in the
aftermath of the Korean War another you
know like three to four million people
were killed in that war
and North Korea was completely destroyed
by US bombing and when it was left in
cinders and so you know that's that's
just that that's no choice at all that's
not an option and so let's hope that you
know cooler heads can prevail and
somehow people in the US government can
you know get to some Oh get you know
find a way to talk directly to the Kim
jong-un gun yeah I mean I think that
what everybody's got a hope for so bad
that we're in such a strange time with
our current president but just before we
go I'm actually really interested you
mind telling us a little bit about your
book on intelligence outsourcing that
sounds that sounds interesting well you
know it's almost it's been 10 years
since I finished 2008 oh but but you
know it's still very topical I mean
there's no other book like it is the
first and only book to show how much US
intelligence has been privatized and you
know one of my big findings back then
was that 70% of the US budget for
intelligence goes to private contractors
and that right can you know ten years
later I think that I've learned recently
that that quote that bigger now is going
down to maybe about 60 percent but 30
percent of the intelligence workforce
contractor so you know one third of the
workforce and almost two-thirds of the
month of the budget is is for the
private sector so and you know I'd have
articles in the nation I want to get
about a year ago showing that over the
last five five years or so that because
of the consolidation of the contracting
industry there are now five corporations
that pretty much dominate the
intelligence contracting industry five
companies
in this industry we now have a monopoly
and I think it's it's a high time that
we you know really looked at the
implications of this because I think you
know privatized intelligence that means
there's a lot of loopholes and it's all
I need you to evade congressional
oversight and plus it's just a huge
amounts of waste in corrupt of not huge
amounts of corruption within the
spending if these companies drink up I
mean the amount of money floating
through the Washington DC area - you
know intelligence contracting is this is
a story in itself
it's enormous and just the other day I
friend of mine and I went up to the
National Security Agency go past and
there's this red by the net security
agency there is a business part for all
the contractors that do business with
the NSA has their headquarters for the
real estate work and say you know on the
spark is used enormous buildings and you
really get this you know you see all the
logos there
Lockheed Martin Booz Allen Hamilton
Raytheon IBM a lot of companies people
have never heard of but that's you know
where the intelligence work is done and
yet almost see it to believe it
wow that's incredible and you wrote that
before kind of the Edward Snowden kind
of helped expose what was ever on the
scene and I mean basically a mess you
know I wrote about it after inserting
the aftermath of you know when when we
learned about the near from the New York
Times about the vast you know this
domestic surveillance at the NSA sort of
doing how they turned all their foreign
intelligence you know technical
apparatus they just turned that on the
American people domestically and began
to monitor US domestic traffic without
warrants and so rather than the
aftermath of that I wanted to show you
know a lot of that was being done by
as corporations a lot of that
surveillance work and it still is you
know ironically you know and when
Snowden was a Patrick we work for Bruges
out and he somehow talked his way into
the deposition of booths because he knew
that it would he knew and he said this
publicly that he'd be able to get its
the secrets out very easier as working
for Bruges and working directly for the
NSA so I think you know everyone about
this in Washington ptosis well big holes
and in the in the institutional security
wrong with contractors and a lot of you
know I mean a lot of leaks are in my
view you know justified it as
whistleblowing but there's a lot of
leaks in or not and I you know I think
you know contractors certainly do not
get the scrutiny they they should in
terms of how they handle US national
secrets does Congress have the same you
know obviously Congress has the
intelligence committees that they can
call the CIA in there if they need to do
they have the same access to these
contractors or is that just totally
opaque to them it's pretty opaque I mean
it's it's shockingly to me there's been
very little congressional investigation
of the role of contractors exactly what
they do and you know they're it's
against the extent of their operations
and influence every time there's a
scandal like for example you know after
after its northern that unmask himself
as a contractor days after you know
leaking those linking those documents
you know I wasn't article in here times
about you know contractors and how deep
you went and you know courting you know
you know cemeteries senators like
senator Feinstein from California at
that time the chair chairwoman of the
Senate Intelligence Committee and she's
going
well you only have to look at these
contractors and you know it's just like
really a serious issue well I never did
and and so like in you know intelligence
as well as you know just regular
military contracting but you have is a
lot of crime kind large contractors that
sign what they call your prime contract
in large multi hundred million dollar
contracts and then they subcontract to
all kinds of smaller companies not only
smaller and bigger and smaller companies
they subcontract you know certain tasks
of those contracts to other companies
and so it's the primes that have the
primary responsibility for sort of
oversight of their contract the
government of course you know has to
know how much these subcontractors are
charging and they see some figures but
they don't reach down into the prime
contractors and find out what the
subcontractors do and that's a big
that's a huge haul and in the oversight
process in my opinion and that's that's
where you know Congress should should
play a role you know one one time about
five years ago it would be a committee
in the Senate the Senate Commerce
Subcommittee on government operations
had the first hearing on contractors and
they and they called me up and asked me
to come in get you know give them some
advice and what they might try to look
at in the hearings and what I told them
was you know I think the American people
deserve to meet the CEOs of these
companies that are you know running
helping to run our intelligence service
bringing the CEOs of Booz Allen Hamilton
manTech khaki and and you know have them
you know that have them answer questions
about what they do and the extent of the
work they have for the various agencies
from an estate at CIA you know to to
national geospatial-intelligence you
know all the agencies of course they
took this advice because they didn't do
it
had a kind of desultory hearing where
you know it wasn't not much with divulge
and it was just sure you know there was
not much deep analysis of the role at
all and of course no CEOs recalled at
all so you know I think there's a kind
of avoidance of this whole issue and
part of it the reason is that you know
there's a powerful constituency you know
you certainly when you hear you know
people in Congress talk about NSA and
you know oversteps buddy and I say in
other agency or the CIA you know this
you don't hear that much from the
senators from Maryland or the senators
from Virginia because you know this is
where there's so many of these
contractors and they provide lawmakers
with you know lots of money and make
large political donations and so these
these lawmakers you know they actually
you know I talked to people that weren't
used to work in intelligence you tell me
that you know contractors come over
there with their lawmakers sometimes you
know hey you know we want more work we
want more of the servant of work can be
made available to contractors that kind
of thing so there's a lot of lobbying
that goes on and a lot of support you
know for the contractors from lawmakers
so I think that's one of the in addition
so that the Congress has yeah I mean
money and secrecy and all this stuff
together is not a not a good mix well
great this I you know I thought that was
really really good talking we learned a
lot of interesting things about the
current crisis in Korea and the Sony
hack and even about intelligence
outsourcing so thanks very much for
talking is there anything you want to
add or let people know where they can
find your articles the best places to
search me Tim Sharrock sh o RR o CK at
the nation I have a page at the nation
and you can just all my articles they're
going way way back just come right after
the other and my website
tenshirock calm I've got a lot of stuff
there about intelligence and and a lot
of documents have obtained
over the years and a lot of journalism
going going way way back as well the
last thing I want to say is that in
terms of Korea it's really important to
pay attention to South Korea because
there's very little known you know about
the dynamics in South Korean society and
especially its political scene here in
the United States and people don't pay
much attention to it but in South Korea
is a very dynamic place and there's a
very strong left very very strong you
know progressive progressive tradition
there and very strong unions civic
organizations peace organizations and
there's a lot of resistance to this you
know militarism there's a resistance to
the u.s. bad missile deployment there's
there's you know a lot of a lot of
concern about about you know what what
Romney doing like I said you know it was
the people's candlelight revolution that
brought on this impeachment of the last
president and helped elect the president
moon and so you know that's that's
something that people here in America
should both you know respect and if they
attention to cool well I hope that I
hope they will and we'll definitely all
I'll be watching this this story play
out in these tensions work their way
through the political system so thanks a
lot again Tim I appreciate you talking
to me thank you so much
[Music]
this is our hidden history
you